[SRVKS-1100] Add docs on debugging Serverless applications (#72687)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-applications-checking-terminal-output.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * knative-serving/debugging-serverless-applications.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-applications-checking-terminal-output_{context}"]
= Checking terminal output

> You can check your deploy command output to see whether deployment succeeded or not. If your deployment process was terminated, you should see an error message in the output that describes the reason why the deployment failed. This kind of failure is most likely due to either a misconfigured manifest or wrong command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check your deploy command output to see whether deployment succeeded or not. If your deployment process was terminated, you should see an error message in the output that describes the reason why the deployment failed. This kind of failure is most likely due to either a misconfigured manifest or an invalid command.
```
or maybe "incorrect"

.Procedure

> * Open the terminal output for your application. This is an example of an error that you might see:

Reviewer 2: IMHO, the error in this example would come from a `oc apply` command and be seen on a client (like a laptop). So either update the sentence here to reflect that or use a log-example that could come from an application.

Author: @ReToCode Could you PTAL on whether it's good now?

> * Open the command output on the client where you deploy and manage your application. This is an example of an error that you might see after a failed `oc apply` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open the command output on the client where you deploy and manage your application. The following example is an error that you might see after a failed `oc apply` command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
Error from server (InternalError): error when applying patch:
{"metadata":{"annotations":{"kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration":"{\"apiVersion\":\"serving.knative.dev/v1\",\"kind\":\"Route\",\"metadata\":{\"annotations\":{},\"name\":\"route-example\",\"namespace\":\"default\"},\"spec\":{\"traffic\":[{\"configurationName\":\"configuration-example\",\"percent\":50}]}}\n"}},"spec":{"traffic":[{"configurationName":"configuration-example","percent":50}]}}
to:
&{0xc421d98240 0xc421e77490 default route-example STDIN 0xc421db0488 264682 false}
for: "STDIN": Internal error occurred: admission webhook "webhook.knative.dev" denied the request: mutation failed: The route must have traffic percent sum equal to 100.
ERROR: Non-zero return code '1' from command: Process exited with status 1
----
+

> This output indicates that you must configure route traffic percent to be equal to 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This output indicates that you must configure the route traffic percent to be equal to 100.
```
